Mom, did you touch the boss from Heaven?
I know you're seeing the identity of his international gold medalist.
Don't worry.
The gold winner.
I'll give you good away.
So why did Hengtai declare war on us?
I need an explanation.
Yes, Dad.
We met just now, and I opened a store today.
He's an acquaintance of Ha Thi Di.
So I'm going to talk about the crisis of our company.
This can create for Ha Thi Ngam an illusion of cutting into the center of our Truong Vinh, you want to fool Ha Thi Ngam.
Yeah, he called you.
Well done.
July, starting today.
River crossing and new landmarks of Giang Thanh, these two core projects are officially assigned to you for processing.
Really.
Just do it.
Let the whole industry see.
How did Hengtai make a beautiful clown in front of our Jiang Bay?
President Giang Vinh in recent years all resources have been devoted to these two projects.
The lady has just returned to the country.
You directly assign authority
If only please one person.
Of course not.
But don't forget that he returned it, we mean Mr. Xu.
Yes, he can't win any projects in Hengtai Group.
It's just that Ha Thi Ngam was also hit by the new moon.
A scrap brought back.
We'll just wait and see if he's excited.